The.
Joe Rogan experience. Um, but yeah, I,
I definitely like being in there being active. I train all year round.
Like I don't really take big breaks unless I like hurt something.
So in most of my fights, I come out injury free. Uh,
if I do have injuries from like a fight camp,
not from the actual fight that really fortunate. Yeah. No, I'm lucky.
So I want <laugh> I go in, I wanna, uh, you know,
I wanna take advantage of my health because I know it's not gonna last forever.
How old are you now? Um, <laugh> you know? Oh yeah.
20, 26. Yeah. Yeah. That's the magic number? Uh, no,
I'm 34 this year. Yeah. Well, you look great.
Thank you. When did you start training?
Um, I, I did my first Mo class when I turned 24. Wow. Yeah. So I called.
In my, uh, maybe that's a thing, right?
Like you don't have the wear and tear of like a lot of people start when they're
10 and you know, by the time they get to 24,
they already got they're all 10 NCL up and back a mess and neck.
Stunts your growth too a little bit. I don't know. I,
I feel like some something happens.
If you cut weight. It certainly does. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So, yeah, I didn't, I didn't really do any sports after,
I guess, middle school and really from middle school
through high school to college. And then after college, I didn't do.
Like I was didn't do anything. Nah, I was skinny fat, so I didn't have to.
<Laugh> but you didn't work out or nothing? Nah, it didn't work out.
That's crazy. It's weird.
If you see a picture of me from like right after college it's I look like this
little skinny like stick figure,
like just soft girl. It's really weird.
So like when people see me now they're like, holy. Like.
Of people from back then. Yeah. Yeah. Well they must be freaking out now.
Like she's a what? Yeah, she's in the what? She's a UFC contender. I.
Know. Get the outta here. No, Angela funny. Yeah, exactly. Like nobody.
And that was so different. Well, not different, but I was like super quiet,
like all my life, like in high school, especially college,
like I was always just like really shy and really like soft spoken.
That's surprising cuz you're very funny on Twitter. Oh, thank you. On Twitter.
You're.
Hilarious. Well, it was always funny.
<Laugh> you're always funny to just quiet. Nobody knew.
It. Yeah. <laugh> I kept it to myself. I cracked myself up all day, but um,
but yeah, like I'm, I'm just super shy.
Like always awkward around like new people, new settings.
And like I had my tightknit group of friends,
but like I was never like the popular kid by any means. So.
What brought you in into Mo Thai class?
Um, a workout you just needed just fat. Yeah.
I just got married. Um, and I also had an office job.
I was working at an animation studio and uh, before that I had been bartending,
so I was like moving around and doing stuff and I never really felt like
inactive, but once I quit the bar job and was just doing that full time,
I just felt like fat and lazy and greasy. And <laugh>, you know,
everything that happens from like sitting down all day. Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean,
you know, you like, you do all sorts of outside of this just to like, you know,
stay happy. So yeah, right. Yeah. It was really cool. Uh, discovering it.
Like I, I was just around cuz I always wanted to learn how to fight. Um,
but like, uh, boxing intimidated me. I'm like,
they're not gonna wanna deal with me. Like, you know, they like,
they deal with me if I came in when I was like 10,
but not now some old <laugh> girl wanna learn how to box.
But then people are telling me like, oh, Mota is like really cool. And I,
I was afraid of getting bulky, you know? And they're like, oh no,
if you do Mo Thai, like you'll still look really natural.
You wanna look like you're on steroids. And I was like, oh, okay.
Every comes afraid of that. You're afraid of big shoulders and fake.
Arms. Yeah. I mean, no, I don't care. I'm like bring it on,
you know <laugh> but uh,
back then I was like really worried about looking like a ninja turtle.
That's so funny cuz it's hard for a girl to look like that without steroids.
Yeah. You, but you see some girls who go hard. Yeah. Like CrossFit.
Girls, half my opponents. Yeah. <laugh> he's just all trapped up. Yeah.
There's there's a few, there's a few that you definitely know.
Something happened in the past.
Something happened. They, they grew up on a farm. Yeah. That's.
The around. Hey around <laugh> so you were 24 years old.
You walk into Moton class. When do you get addicted to it?
First class man. First class, first class. Uh, my coach, uh,
well he, my first coach,
Brandon Levi does evolution Moton in New York.
Uh, so that's.
Where you were in New York at the time? Yeah.
In New York at that's where I went to school and everything. And uh,
first class I threw like an elbow and a knee on the type pads and I was like,
oh <laugh>. Cause it feels so hard. Yeah. And like,
I never knew that I could generate that much power with my like little body cuz
I was probably like 115 pounds, like wet soak and wet, you know, at the time.
So I was just like, oh my God, like I feel so powerful.
<laugh> and like ever since then I was just going every day I was going with my
husband. Like we were like getting in shape, learning how to kick and stuff.
And it was just like a lot of stuff. I never thought I'd be able to do.
I was doing it like even just throwing a head kick. Like I,
I didn't like try out for cheerleading because I was inflexible.
You know, I was like, I'm never gonna be able to do this.
I can't do a high kick. I can't do a split or anything like that.
So being able to get my leg up high enough to kick someone the head,
like it was like a huge milestone for me, athletically.
<Laugh> I love a story like that where you didn't do from like middle school,
high school.
You didn't to your 24 mm-hmm <affirmative> and then all of a sudden you get
addicted to it. Yeah.
Yeah. It that's crazy. That's always in me man. Good. 10 years.
Later. Yeah. You're top contender in the UFC. Yeah. That's.
Bananas. It's weird. But like,
it makes sense to me because like anytime I tried to do a sport,
when I was a kid,
I would just lose interest mm-hmm <affirmative> and I think it was because they
were all team sports. Like I was on basketball, team, softball, uh,
bat baseball, whatever. Um,
I ran track for like a few months and all of that stuff. I was just like,
this is stupid. Like what's the point? You know? Or that, or, uh, I don't know.
I, I didn't like working with people,
but the one thing I was good at was stealing the ball in basketball.
<laugh> so like I never made any shots. Like I,
I was really bad at like dribbling and everything,
but if someone got the ball and they were next to me,
I'd run over and I'd grab it and just like Rigg until they're just like,
<laugh> like, they would just get mad at me and let go of the ball.
So I'd steal it and then pass it to the girl that could shoot. So, so yeah,
that was the one thing I was good at that's conflict.
Yeah. Maybe, maybe that was like a sign of things to come.
Conflict. Exactly. I like that. I like that.
And especially cuz I was so shy outside of that,
then it was just kind of like my outlet. So.
How long was it between your first class and your first fight? Mm.
It was about uh, nine months. Wow. Yeah. So, so right away.
You're like balls deep into this thing. Yeah. Without.
For lack of better <laugh> what else? Yeah. I'm like what else? Deep. Could I,
yeah. What, what can a girl balls is deep. Yeah. <laugh> you know, um,
I was, yeah, I was really into it and I hadn't considered fighting yet,
but um, but my coach was like, it was, I think it was around the time.
Have you ever heard of uh,
the w Ks mm-hmm <affirmative> so it was around the time of that and he was
taking a couple people down. He was like, Hey, you wanna do WK?
You wanna have a fight? And I was like, oh, are you sure?
Like you sure I'm ready? And it was kinda, uh,
halfway because, well, I don't know if this is why he asked,
but once I said yes, uh,
there was a girl that used to train with us who was also doing it and my weight
class. And he was like, oh, <laugh> this is gonna be fun.
So, um, so yeah,
I thought it was cool that he had that confidence in me cuz the,
all the other girls who were in the tournament had been training a lot longer
than me, uh, for years even. So, uh, yeah, I was just like, okay,
let's let's do it. Let's see what happens. Like I was scared,
but I also wasn't like putting all my eggs in that bad.
Like I didn't think anything was gonna come from doing Mo Thai.
It was just fun at the time. Right. So I went and I beat two girls,
won the little, the champ regional championship or whatever. Wow. And uh,
from then on, I was just fighting. They had this show, uh,
in New York called Friday night fights. And um,
I got a few shows on that or a few fights on that. Um,
I went 14 and oh, as an amateur multi fighter.
Then when,
before I went pro I was trying to get an MMA fight just so I had like one or
two amateur MMA fights under my belt. So if I do decide to do it,
I have that experience, but no one would fight me.
So I ended up going pro anyway had two pro multi fights.
And then I had my first pro MMA fight
two days before the tough try outs. Wow.
<Laugh> that's so recent. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. What year were you on?
Tough. That was that tough.
Six years ago. 20. So I think it was 2014. Yeah. Wow.
That's when the tryouts were and I think it aired. Yeah.
I think our finale was like that December. Well.
That makes sense.
Now as to why you've gotten so better with so much better over the last few
fights. You're so learning. Yeah. That's.
So crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I shouldn't have been in there.